It doesn't matter how old or how young you are.
We were not meant to work for
other people for our entire lives,
and so the point of this final side note lecture
is to try to inspire you or convince you
to always be looking to make money on the side
until it becomes your full time self employed job
or self employed passion, I should say.
And if you haven't found your professional passion yet,
then please keep looking, because I promise you
that you will find it if you look hard enough,
and when you do, you'll never be the same.
And everybody that's ever started a company
and has been unbelievable successful
has failed more times than you and I have put together, OK?
But we don't know about their failures.
So please experiment, and keep experimenting on the side.
And everybody has something that they can teach,
and please take my free course
that I give every year here on Udemy.
I provide a free course that shows you
all the mistakes I've made in the past year,
and it basically teaches you how to create an online course.
So I called it 40 mistakes that I've made teaching online,
and I made another one called another 40 mistakes
or 40 lessons for teaching online.
Anyway, you can get the course here online for free, OK?
And I think that it's incredibly liberating
to be able to work for ourselves,
and that's why I really want to inspire you to do so.
And this whole sharing economy thing
has opened up so many doors for us.
If you aren't happy doing what you're doing,
then please find a way to make money on the side online.
Maybe you can use www.fiverr.com,
that's five, F-I-V-E-R-R dot com,
or other ways to leverage your passionate strengths
and share what you already know
with over seven billion people in the world.
And there's really no limits except for
the ones we set for ourselves.
Now, if you work for somebody that treats you poorly,
which has happened to me several times,
and if this person makes you work long, pointless,
face time hours, which happened to me much earlier
in my career, then what I want you to do is this.
I want you to buy one of these screens made by 3M,
ticker MMM, which is Minnesota
Mining and Manufacturing Company.
I want you to get one of these screen protector things
and put it on your laptop if you have to work long hours
during your lunch break or during your dinner break that is.
And you put this on your laptop, and I'll show you.
Now you see me, now you don't.
So nobody can really see what you're doing
if they come up to the side of you.
Sometimes executives use this on the airplane.
Sounds like thunder, my kids would say.
But I recommend doing that, and just always be looking
to start a company on the side.
And what I would do is when I would do that
at companies that I had worked at in the past,
and not the most recent company, but a while back,
I would actually put my cellphone on,
or I would get a personal MiFi it was called at the time,
hotspot, so they wouldn't go on my corporate network.
So do this during your lunch break if you can
if you have a lunch break or whatever,
and don't worry if you're frustrated at work,
because frustration leads to breakthrough.
It leads to reinvention.
Find the reason that you were put on this earth.
And it doesn't matter how old or young you are,
you can start a company.
The average age of somebody starting a company
in the United States now is over 50.
So keep searching for your purpose,
your passion, your raison d'etre.
And when you find it, you'll look back
at everything you've done in the past,
and you'll kind of see everything you've done
as leading you down a certain path
so you can start your own company.
And I'm so excited for you in the next chapter of your life
when you do find your passion,
and you will if you look hard enough, OK?
Starting your own business is not about money.
It's about freedom.
Freedom to live life on your terms
so that you never ever ever have to play corporate politics,
which really sucks the life and creativity
and inner genius out of you.
Working for yourself is not about money,
it's about freedom to be you.
And if I can humbly help you make that transition,
please let me know, as I am always
here to offer my humble feedback.
Thank you.